Where do you find information about exploits, threats, and attacks?
There are hacking books that provide some detail,
but these tend to get out of date rather quickly.
A better resource is the MITRE ATT&CK framework found at attack.mitre.org.
It is a globally accessible knowledge base of
cybersecurity attack scenarios based on real-world observations.
This knowledge base is used as the foundation
for the development of specific threat methodologies.
In the private sector,
US government, and in the cybersecurity product and service community.
I'll explain some of the columns in the website matrix.
When you go to the website,
if you scroll down,
you will see their attack matrix for enterprise.
You see it's separated by columns.
For example, initial axis is how do
the hackers initially gain access into a cyber system?
Execution is how did they execute their attack.
Persistence, how did they make sure they can stay there and not be noticed?
Privilege escalation is moving from general user to administrative user.
Defensive evasion is trying to hide their tracks.
Credential access is trying to find a valid user ID and a password.
Discovery is how they perform their own recognizance.
Lateral movement is how do they move across a network?
You can use this matrix to better understand all of these different types of threats.
In this sections exercise,
you will explore threat information found on the mitre attack website.
Like I do in my example,
I encourage you to take the time to explore the vast information available here.